Now we have the thing service project we
have created the DAO layer we have
created the services layer and then we
have wired the DAO under services layer
using spring annotations it's time to
write a unit test for our ticket service
impl before we do that let's delete
this package and the test that got
generated by maven plugin because maven
plugin in Eclipse by default is using a
unit 3 which is useless as of now so
right-click on the package delete it
okay to create a new test right click on
the ticket service impl say new Junit
test case change this SRC main Java
for the source folder to SRC test
java click finish so we have our test
delete this fail line by hitting control
D let's create an instance of the class
under test which is new test service
ticket service new ticket service impl
hit control one on that line to assign
this to a new local variable let's call
this service service dot by tickets is
the method under test lets pass it a
passenger name which is bharath and the
phone number one two three four five six
seven eight nine zero yep you can try
calling me on that can assign this to a
local variable call it the result and
then we can assert assert equals result
is one so let's remove these magic
strings and numbers from here
right-click refractor extract
constant passenger capitals
underscore name finish same for the
phone number right click refactor extract
constant phone all capitals and also
this result here can also hit command
one extract to constant control one
instead of one here this is the result
so we are going to test only one
scenario the purpose is here is not to
show you how to write test the purpose
is to use spring j unit and mockito
together so we have our test ready let's
declare that dependency which is the DAO
the ticket now impl is the dependency
that we have testing it against the
interface is a good idea we are going to
mock this using the at mock annotation
from mockito and we will create the
before method at before method for the
setup method which will be marked with
the at before annotation so that we can
initialize our mocks all we will do in
this method by now you know mockito
annotations dot in it mocks this so
we are passing the instance of this
objects so that mockito knows that it
should initialize all the mocks which
are mocked with at mock annotation in
the next lecture we will inject this dao
into the service and we will also use
the few spring test related annotations
to inject this dependency the dao
dependency into our service impl.